README.md, before:

# calc-polska
calculatrice a notation pôlonaise invers

# Compile and run 
javac -d target src/**/*.java && java -cp target src.Application

# Specification
Mode of use
--users remote default (argument) 
from socket or other term

--users remote shared  (argument)
from socket or other ter

--users remote not shared r (argument)
from socket or other ter

--user local  (argument)
from socket or other ter

--user log -> log.txt pour logé les operation
--user replay log.txt pour rejouer les operation depuis un fichier de log

HTTP pour interagir via rowser web

sans parametre, local sans log

add (need at  least two element in stakc)
mult (need at  least two element in stakc)
div  (need at  least two element in stakc)
soust (need at  least two element in stakc)
push x y
just enter => push two last element of stack
pop  (need at  least two element in stakc)
quit/exit
Allow change mode while running program (ex: start as etwork, switch session to local, then, reswith to network)
un return par method,

INIT FULL LOCAL, INIT FULL REMOTE, INIT REPLAY LOCAL, INIT REPLAY REMOTE

pas de break dans les boucle( seulement dans un switch)

// TODO: 

mod log et mode replay 
HTTP server if projet C is finish

Commit message:

replay and log mode ok --  refacto some part -- should now implement switch mode on fly, http server interraction

README.md, after:

# calc-polska
calculatrice a notation pôlonaise invers

# Compile and run 
javac -d target src/**/*.java && java -cp target src.Application

# Specification
Mode of use
--users remote default (argument) 
from socket or other term

--users remote shared  (argument)
from socket or other ter

--users remote not shared r (argument)
from socket or other ter

--user local  (argument)
from socket or other ter

--user log -> log.txt pour logé les operation
--user replay log.txt pour rejouer les operation depuis un fichier de log

HTTP pour interagir via rowser web

sans parametre, local sans log

add (need at  least two element in stakc)
mult (need at  least two element in stakc)
div  (need at  least two element in stakc)
soust (need at  least two element in stakc)
push x y
just enter => push two last element of stack
pop  (need at  least two element in stakc)
quit/exit
Allow change mode while running program (ex: start as etwork, switch session to local, then, reswith to network)
un return par method,

INIT FULL LOCAL, INIT FULL REMOTE, INIT REPLAY LOCAL, INIT REPLAY REMOTE

pas de break dans les boucle( seulement dans un switch)

// TODO: 


HTTP server if projet C is finish
Create constant class for all message
allow change mode from command instead be forced to restart program
